(为了探索有道和DeepL到底谁好用，走上学术巅峰，摘取了近两千字关于速度文化政治批判的英语文章，进行对比。第一行为原文，第二行DeepL,第三行有道)
（由于DeepL没有对中文的文本翻译服务，且翻译字数有限制，所以只翻译了以下的内容）

I began this book with a power- chronographic scan of Shibuya Crossing in Tokyo.
我在这本书的开头，以东京的涩谷十字路口为例，以权力的时空扫描开始了这本书的创作。
我以东京涉谷十字路口的电力时序扫描开始这本书。
Immersed in the rhythm of this iconic setting, I set the stage for my argument that the popular notion that the world is speeding up was less an accurate depiction of the moment than it is a productive ideological discourse symptomatic of global capital’s spatial imaginary.
我沉浸在这个标志性环境的节奏中，为我的论点奠定了基础，我认为流行的 "世界在加速 "这一概念与其说是对当下的准确描述，不如说是全球资本的空间想象力的生产性意识形态话语。
沉浸在这一标志性场景的节奏中，我为自己的论点奠定了基础，即“世界正在加速”这一流行概念与其说是对当下的准确描述，不如说是对全球资本空间想象的富有成效的意识形态论述。
I argued that theoretical critiques of the culture of speed had not paid sufficient attention to the institutional, cultural, and economic arrangements that produce specific tempos for different populations. 
我认为，对速度文化的理论批判没有充分关注产生不同人群的特定节奏的制度、文化和经济安排。
我认为，对速度文化的理论批评没有充分重视制度、文化和经济安排，这些安排为不同的人口产生了特定的节奏。
A myopic theoretical focus on speedup had obscured the necessity of tracing how differential relationships to time organize and perpetuate inequalities. 
对速度的近视性理论关注掩盖了追踪时间的差异关系如何组织和延续不平等的必要性。
短视的理论关注于加速已经模糊了追踪不同的关系如何时间组织和永久的不平等的必要性。
The concern over speedup is less about time than it is about space. 
对提速的关注与其说是对空间的关注，不如说是对时间的关注。
对加速的关注更多的是空间，而不是时间。
The speedup narrative is based in a critique of a newly unruly tempo that threatens the spatial virtues of democracy.
提速的叙述是基于对新的不规则的节奏的批判，这种节奏威胁到了民主的空间美德。
这种加速叙事的基础是对一种新近失控的节奏的批评，这种节奏威胁到了民主的空间优势。
Such a perspective seems determined to envision time and space as competing cultural values rather than intertwined facts of life. 
这种观点似乎决心将时间和空间看作是相互竞争的文化价值，而不是交织在一起的生活事实。
这种观点似乎决定将时间和空间视为相互竞争的文化价值观，而不是相互交织的生活事实。
The political salience of speed is not just a theoretical matter. When time is approached from below, based on a cultural approach to the everyday, the anxiety over speed looks very different. 
速度的政治显著性不仅仅是一个理论问题。当时间从下而上、基于文化的日常态度来接近时，对速度的焦虑看起来就大不一样了。
速度的政治重要性不仅仅是一个理论问题。当时间从下而上，基于一种对日常生活的文化态度时，对速度的焦虑看起来就很不一样了。
Individualistic orientations toward time and its management have normalized the exploitation of others’ time.
对时间及其管理的个人主义取向，使对他人时间的利用正常化了。
个人主义的时间导向和时间管理规范了对他人时间的利用。
These dual concerns, in theory and everyday culture, are the impetus for In the Meantime’s introduction of power-chronography as a way of locating how temporality operates as a key relation of power that manifests in the minutes, days, and lifetimes of different populations. 
这些在理论和日常文化中的双重关注，是《在时间中》（In the Meantime）引入权力-时间记录学的动力，以此来定位时间性如何作为一种关键的权力关系来运作，这种权力关系体现在不同人群的分分秒秒、日日日和一生中。
这些双重的关注，在理论上和日常文化中，同时也推动了权力年表的引入，作为一种定位时间作为权力的关键关系如何运作的方式，体现在不同人口的分钟、天和一生中。
Time is lived at the intersection of a range of social differences that includes class, gender, race, immigrations status, and labor. 
时间是生活在一系列社会差异的交汇点上，包括阶级、性别、种族、移民身份和劳动等。
时间生活在一系列社会差异的交汇处，这些社会差异包括阶级、性别、种族、移民身份和劳动。
A temporal perspective offers insight into inequality and recognizes the transecting multidimensionality of social differences. 
时间的视角提供了对不平等的洞察力，承认社会差异的多维性。

Once acknowledged, the temporal is discernible everywhere.
一旦被承认，时间性就无处不在。
一旦承认，时间是可辨的无处不在。


The Terms of the Temporal
时代性的条件
时间的术语
The discourse of speedup is not likely to slow down. 
提速的论述是不可能放缓的。
有关加快速度的讨论不太可能放慢。
Critical thought is replete with spatial metaphors for understanding and naming power: sites, grounds, locations, places, nodes, flows, networks, and formations. 
批判性思考充满了理解和命名权力的空间隐喻：地点、理由、位置、地点、场所、节点、流动、网络和形式。
批判性思维充满了理解和命名能力的空间隐喻:地点、场地、地点、地点、节点、流动、网络和结构
The perspective I have offered in this book is an opening to consider more closely how power coalesces temporally, and a switch to focus on time requires new temporal terms.
我在本书中提供的视角是一个开端，让我们更深入地思考权力如何在时间上凝聚，而转向关注时间，就需要新的时间性术语。
我在这本书中提供的视角是一个更紧密地思考权力如何在时间上结合的开端，而转向关注时间则需要新的时间术语。
The terms of temporality offer a way of keeping differential, lived time within the critical and cultural discussions of time and space. 
时间性的术语提供了一种将差异性的、生活化的时间保持在关于时间和空间的批判和文化讨论中的方式。
时间性的术语提供了一种方法，在时间和空间的批判性和文化性讨论中保持差异和生活时间。
The terms also offer a way of inhabiting the world in time, to name the political struggles over time that have been invisible for far too long. 
这些术语还提供了一种在时间中栖息世界的方式，为长期以来一直被忽视的政治斗争命名。
这些术语还提供了一种及时栖居世界的方式，来命名长期以来被忽视的政治斗争。
This book exemplified such a perspective by focusing attention on multiple temporalities. 
这本书通过将注意力集中在多个时间性上，体现了这样一种视角。
这本书通过关注多个时间性来例证这种观点。
The time of business travelers, taxi drivers, yoga instructors, desk workers, and slow lifers were investigated. 
探讨了商务旅行者、出租车司机、瑜伽教练、办公桌上的工作人员和慢生活者的时间。
调查了商务旅行者、出租车司机、瑜伽教练、办公室工作人员和慢速生活者的时间。
In the Meantime reveals how temporal inequities intensify when the dominant way of apprehending time is guided by the discourses of speedup. 
在 "时间 "中》揭示了当人们对时间的主流认知方式被 "加速 "的话语所引导时，时间的不平等是如何加剧的。
同时揭示了在加速语篇的引导下，理解时间的主导方式是如何强化时间不平等的。
I found that what most populations encounter is not the fast pace of life but the structural demand that they must recalibrate in order to fit into the temporal expectations demanded by various institutions, social relationships, and labor arrangements. 
我发现，大多数人群所遇到的不是快节奏的生活，而是结构性的需求，他们必须重新校准，以适应各种制度、社会关系和劳动安排所要求的时间期望。
我发现，大多数人遇到的不是快节奏的生活，而是他们必须重新调整的结构性需求，以适应各种机构、社会关系和劳动安排所要求的时间期望。
There is a looming expectation that everyone must become an entrepreneur of time control within highly diff决定一个人的时间性的不是技术速度;相反，它来自于一个人在时间的生物政治经济中所处的位置。erential relationships to time. 
在高度差异化的时间关系中，每个人都必须成为时间控制的企业家，这种期待若隐若现
在与时间高度不同的关系中，人们隐约期望每个人都必须成为时间控制的企业家。
It is not technological speed that determines one’s temporality; instead it results from where one fits within the biopolitical economy of time.
决定一个人的时间性的不是技术速度，而是一个人在时间的生物政治经济中的位置。
